daybyday.md, before:

---
title: Day-by-day
share: true
layout: single
---

The Summer Camp scheduled has two parts: theory sessions in the morning and practice sessions in the afternoon. See also [News and Pictures](http://www.facebook.com/maratona).

[Live Stream on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/InstitutodeComputaçãoUnicamp) (*This is the main streaming link. When you open this page, there will be a small box in the middle of your screen telling that there is a Live Transmission. Click on this box and you will be redirected to the Live video. Disregard the OFF-LINE message in the left part.*)

*If you are facing problems, please write to us.*

|Day|Lecture|Contest|
|---|---|---|
|22 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qOH-nmrVsE&t=1s) [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmF8onWRurE)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-22.pdf)|
|23 Jan|[Lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EgNjiB63zQ)|statements: [contest a](../documents/2018-01-23-a.pdf) - [contest b](../documents/2018-01-23-b.pdf) - [cheatsheet](../documents/2018-01-23-cheatsheet.pdf)|
|24 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmF8onWRurE) - [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idrt_w-FQYU)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-24.pdf)|
|26 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08co2Hx_4EM) - [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlXp7kdgXHA)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-26.pdf)|
|27 Jan|[Lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TfJlUMjwcg)|statements: [contest a](../documents/2018-01-27-a.pdf) - [contest b](../documents/2018-01-27-b.pdf) - [cheatsheet](../documents/2018-01-27-cheatsheet.pdf)|


## Important locations inside the campus

[IC3](https://www.google.com/maps/place/IC+-+Instituto+de+Computação,+Universidade+Estadual+de+Campinas+-+Cidade+Universitária,+Campinas+-+SP,+Brasil/@-22.8137813,-47.0639391,18z/data=!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0000000000000000:0xf3522e37359f743c!2sCiclo+Básico+I!3m1!1s0x94c8c15369cbaea9:0x209def4d509b8f14) - Classroom and Laboratories

[RU](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Restaurante+Universitário/@-22.8176954,-47.0720038,17z/data=!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0000000000000000:0xf3522e37359f743c!2sCiclo+Básico+I!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0x54ec361ef7124a27) - University Restaurant

Commit message:

updating day by day for 29/Jan problems

daybyday.md, after:

---
title: Day-by-day
share: true
layout: single
---

The Summer Camp scheduled has two parts: theory sessions in the morning and practice sessions in the afternoon. See also [News and Pictures](http://www.facebook.com/maratona).

[Live Stream on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/InstitutodeComputaçãoUnicamp) (*This is the main streaming link. When you open this page, there will be a small box in the middle of your screen telling that there is a Live Transmission. Click on this box and you will be redirected to the Live video. Disregard the OFF-LINE message in the left part.*)

*If you are facing problems, please write to us.*

## Movile Code Week

All contests from this week will be hosted in our [Codeforces group](http://codeforces.com/group/3qadGzUdR4/contests)

|Day|Lecture|Contest|
|---|---|---|
|22 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qOH-nmrVsE&t=1s) [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmF8onWRurE)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-22.pdf)|
|23 Jan|[Lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EgNjiB63zQ)|statements: [contest a](../documents/2018-01-23-a.pdf) - [contest b](../documents/2018-01-23-b.pdf) - [cheatsheet](../documents/2018-01-23-cheatsheet.pdf)|
|24 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmF8onWRurE) - [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idrt_w-FQYU)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-24.pdf)|
|26 Jan|Lectures: [video 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08co2Hx_4EM) - [video 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlXp7kdgXHA)|[statements](../documents/2018-01-26.pdf)|
|27 Jan|[Lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TfJlUMjwcg)|statements: [contest a](../documents/2018-01-27-a.pdf) - [contest b](../documents/2018-01-27-b.pdf) - [cheatsheet](../documents/2018-01-27-cheatsheet.pdf)|

The practice contest for matchings and network flows is now up in the Codeforces group. It is open indefinitely, so you can just solve problems at your leisure.

## Google Week

All contests for this week will be hosted by [SIO2 system](https://sio2.mimuw.edu.pl).

|Day|Lecture|Contest|
|---|---|---|
|29 Jan|[Lecture](https://youtu.be/XGF5d7_PkyE)|[statements](../documents/2018/01/29.pdf)|

## Important locations inside the campus

[IC3](https://www.google.com/maps/place/IC+-+Instituto+de+Computação,+Universidade+Estadual+de+Campinas+-+Cidade+Universitária,+Campinas+-+SP,+Brasil/@-22.8137813,-47.0639391,18z/data=!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0000000000000000:0xf3522e37359f743c!2sCiclo+Básico+I!3m1!1s0x94c8c15369cbaea9:0x209def4d509b8f14) - Classroom and Laboratories

[RU](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Restaurante+Universitário/@-22.8176954,-47.0720038,17z/data=!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x0000000000000000:0xf3522e37359f743c!2sCiclo+Básico+I!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0x54ec361ef7124a27) - University Restaurant
